Update what-is-ip-address-168-63-129-16.md (#92428)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-network/what-is-ip-address-168-63-129-16.md

- When the VM is part of a load balancer backend pool, [health probe](../load-balancer/load-balancer-custom-probe-overview.md) communication should be allowed to originate from 168.63.129.16. The default network security group configuration has a rule that allows this communication. This rule leverages the [AzureLoadBalancer](../virtual-network/service-tags-overview.md#available-service-tags) service tag. If desired this traffic can be blocked by configuring the network security group however this will result in probes that fail.

> ## Troubleshooting Connectivity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshoot connectivity
```

### Windows OS

> You can test communication to 168.63.129.16 using the following tests with PowerShell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can test communication to 168.63.129.16 by using the following tests with PowerShell.
```

```
Test-NetConnection -ComputerName 168.63.129.16 -Port 80
Test-NetConnection -ComputerName 168.63.129.16 -Port 32526
Invoke-RestMethod -Headers @{"Metadata"="true"} -Method GET -Uri http://168.63.129.16/?comp=versions
```
Results should return as shown below.

```
Test-NetConnection -ComputerName 168.63.129.16 -Port 80
ComputerName     : 168.63.129.16
RemoteAddress    : 168.63.129.16
RemotePort       : 80
InterfaceAlias   : Ethernet
SourceAddress    : 10.0.0.4
TcpTestSucceeded : True
```

```
Test-NetConnection -ComputerName 168.63.129.16 -Port 32526
ComputerName     : 168.63.129.16
RemoteAddress    : 168.63.129.16
RemotePort       : 32526
InterfaceAlias   : Ethernet
SourceAddress    : 10.0.0.4
TcpTestSucceeded : True
```

```
Invoke-RestMethod -Headers @{"Metadata"="true"} -Method GET -Uri http://168.63.129.16/?comp=versions
xml                            Versions
---                            --------
version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" Versions
```

> You can also test communication to 168.63.129.16 using telnet or psping as shown below.
> 
> If successful telnet should connect and the file that is created below will be empty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also test communication to 168.63.129.16 by using telnet or psping.

If successful, telnet should connect and the file that is created will be empty.
```

```
telnet 168.63.129.16 80 >> C:\<<EDIT-DIRECTORY>>\168-63-129-16_test-port80.txt
telnet 168.63.129.16 32526 >> C:\<<EDIT-DIRECTORY>>\168-63-129-16_test--port32526.txt
```

```
Psping 168.63.129.16:80 >> C:\<<EDIT-DIRECTORY>>\168-63-129-16_test--port80.txt
Psping 168.63.129.16:32526 >> C:\<<EDIT-DIRECTORY>>\168-63-129-16_test-port32526.txt
```
### Linux OS

> On Linux you can test communication to 168.63.129.16 using the following tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux, you can test communication to 168.63.129.16 by using the following tests.
```

```
echo "Testing 80 168.63.129.16 Port 80" > 168-63-129-16_test.txt
traceroute -T -p 80 168.63.129.16 >> 168-63-129-16_test.txt
echo "Testing 80 168.63.129.16 Port 32526" >> 168-63-129-16_test.txt
traceroute -T -p 32526 168.63.129.16 >> 168-63-129-16_test.txt
echo "Test 168.63.129.16 Versions"  >> 168-63-129-16_test.txt
curl http://168.63.129.16/?comp=versions >> 168-63-129-16_test.txt
```

> Results inside 168-63-129-16_test.txt should return as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Results inside 168-63-129-16_test.txt should return as shown below.
```
